at least 19 people have been killed in
an Israeli strike in Gaza according to
the Hamas run Health Ministry the strike
destroyed an area within the designated
humanitarian zone for displaced
Palestinians the Israeli military said
it was attacking a number of Hamas
terrorists operating there the almasi
humanitarian zone is in the southwest of
Gaza it's being increasingly reduced by
the Israeli Army and according to the UN
it now spans just 16 square miles you
can see from this satellite image of the
location of the attack it's an area
crammed with tents with the latest
Here's Lucy
Williamson they searched for
survivors in the place people fled to
survive gaza's mawasi safe Zone hit by
Israeli air strikes last night an
encampment of displaced families who
went to sleep in tents and woke up in
this even the living stood lifeless this
morning the law after 11 months of War
Impossible to avoid difficult to take
in there had been no warning survivors
said of the air strikes that buried
families set fire to shelters local
staff at a UK field Hospital said
shrapnel sliced through their
tents there are no Fighters here this
man says just displace people these are
the Rockets they drop on children
a am Madie displaced from Rafa said she
dug her seven children out of the
rubble we woke up to nothing but sand
and fire my children were screaming mama
mama I couldn't tell if they were alive
or dead I held my two-month-old son
thinking he was dead covered in sand
thank God he was still
alive Israel's Army said it used precise
weapons to Target three Hamas commanders
directly involved in the 7th of October
attacks so far it's not confirmed
they're among the casualties but Medics
say women and children
are today they wrapped three-year-old
alen in a plastic sheet for
burial her mother and her aunt both
pinned to the floor in grief Israel has
bombed the masasi safe Zone several
times before blaming Hamas for using it
as
cover and raising questions over whether
that Grim calculation is breaking
international law Lucy Williamson BBC
News Jerusalem